# Pendings

* []: Complete registration prmompt page
* []: Reconfigured Login page
* []: Add profile completion form
* []: Add Carrier Dashboard Layout
* []: View Carrier Page
* []: Delete loads
* []: Add bidding Dashboard for Shippers
* []: Add capability for the user to update their personal information(email, phonenumber, names, etc)
* []: Make the session retention a configured environment variable
* [09/13/24]: Finished carrier bids dashboard.
* [09/14/24]: Created Dynamic timeZone detection based user's browser geolocation and display that on any timefield, currenty carrier bids
* [09/14/24]: Homepage display real data in carrier dashboard
* [09/14/24]: Remove Getbid and loads instead get them once when we enter carrier page, and then just move them around.
* [09/17/24]: Make the buttons works in carrier bid dashboard(delete and chat)
* [09/17/24]: Finish the chat window and responsiveness of the bid dashboard.
* [09/17/24]: Make sure the loads are hydrated during opening of the page and not everytime each child page loads - bid(carrier dashboard)
* [09/17/24]: Made the bid dashboard responsive
* [09/18/24]: Remove the footer on smaller screens and only keep it on the bigger ones
* [09/18/24]:  Make the filtering works in carrier bid
* [09/18/24]: Fix the right shipper info and load info should show on contactShipper page
* [09/18/24]: Show contact message chat box on carrier dashboard
* [09/18/24]: Only use hydrated loads into carrier dashboard so we don't get loads everytime we refresh.
* [09/18/24]: Load the bids based on the carrier Id so carrier cannot see other people biddings
* [09/20/24]: Implement configurable theme
* [09/26/24]: Add agreement placeholders
* [09/26/24]: Fix theming and error handling in load adding dashboard.
* [09/26/24]: Check the profile completion live in shipper dashboard(it shows complete profile even after its done)
* [09/23/24]: make sure the loads are hydrated during opening of the page and not everytime each child page loads - 
                - view loads(carrier dashboard)
                - view loads(shipper dashboard)
                - view bids (shipper)
* [09/26/24]: Fix homepage theming.
* [09/26/24]: Fix bid functionality in shipper dashboard(accept, reject and message)
* [09/26/24]: enhance the functionalities in carrier shipper (to disable actions on a rejected bid)
* [09/26/24]: Finish theme toggle button
* [09/26/24]: Implement the complete theme in carrier dashboard
* [09/26/24]: Fix filtering on the carrier dashboard
* [10/4/24]: Fix the business profile completion live:
    - run the app as docker container and try to fill in business profile to replicate the error.
* [10/4/24]: Fix light theme in shipper dashboard.
* [10/4/24]: Fix Filtering on load board view and sorting
* [10/4/24]: Fix 401 issue showing as error
* [10/4/24]: Make sure the message box shows on bid dashboard:
    - shipper dashboard when contacting carrier.

### TODO
5. Fix the collapsable menu and the header 
    - Add theme button to the app.
    - Make sure the secondary header where HOME, LoadOps, and the items on the left are collapsed correcty on mobile view
    - Make sure the cursor is well displaying the info
6. Homepage display real data in shipper dashboard
7. Add the agreement generated by AI that we will not be liable for lost equiptments or lost payments, that we only connect you and your driver/company owners.
8. Fix bid information showing as disparse by adding more data to be returned with the bid.carrier from the api.
    - carrier.availableCapacity, carrier.companyName, carrier.Vehicles
    - Display those data in the bid expand mode.
9. Enhance bid status update from the shipper to give a reason why he reject - or else give the reason as "Please reduce your price"
10. Enhance carrier bidding, to show the reason why their bids get rejected
